The People's History of Los Angeles County

Project Abstract:
This project seeks to illustrate, highlight and celebrate the stories and experiences of everyday
people living in Los Angeles County. The project provides an opportunity for  people to tell their stories via video. 


---- Shariq's words ------------
QR codes will be placed in various locations throughout Los Angeles County. 
This web applicaion enables users to scan a QR code with their smart phones, 
and access videos of individuals discussing the history of that particular location.  
The history spans from the 1970's to 2010.  
Users will also have the ability to read about the broader context of 
what was occuring in that particular area of Los Angeles County, at any 
chosen time between the 1970's and 2010. 
-----------------------------

Project Details: 
The first phase of this platform will include 20 video stories of different people from across
the city -- 5 from the west L.A. County i.e. Santa Monica, Culver City, West Hollywood;
5 from north L.A. County i.e. Hollywood, Mid Wilshire, Little Ethiopia; 5 from south L.A. County i.e.Inglewood, Baldwin Hills, Crenshaw; 
and 5 from east L.A. County i.e. Downtown L.A., Koreatown, Echo Park. 
Each story will be geo-tagged and have an accompanying video. 

Phase 2 will focus on adding additional stories in areas that were not covered in phase one.

Technical Details:
This will be a progressive web application, to save people from downloading yet another app. The browser 
has Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) that allow you access to the camera and geolocation data, which are the main APIs this application
will consume. We want the geolocation API so that we can pin stories to specific locations and the camera
API is needed because we'll want to place custom QR codes around the city near places where the stories
take place. This will allow users to scan the QR code and jump right to the relevant video and supplemental
info for the story. Users will also be able to browse other stories across that platform. We will most likely
have to take advantage of services that will allow streaming video.


Timeline:
The first version of the project is due by the end of November. 

Possible Obstacles: 
The main obstacle of this project will be centered around gathering interesting, varied stories of the
people of L.A. It is suspected that some people will be reclutant to share good stories without having a previous
repore with the interviewer. Depending on the nature of the story, they may be reluctant to have their face
on camera, which will make the need for creative editing and/or animators in getting the impact of the story across to the 
viewer. The other obstacle will be in securing editors to work with video given to make a compelling piece.
This piece may or may not prove to be difficult but I include it to be throughouh. 


